
A parameter substring for values 38 or 48 may be divided by one or more
separators (03/10) into parameter elements, denoted as Pe. The format
of such a parameter sub-string is indicated as:

            Pe : P ...

Each parameter element consists of zero, one or more bit combinations from
03/00 to 03/09, representing the digits 0 to 9. An empty parameter element
represents a default value for this parameter element. Empty parameter
elements at the end of the parameter substring need not be included.
The first parameter element indicates a choice between:

            0    implementation defined (only applicable for the
                 character foreground colour)
            1    transparent;
            2    direct colour in RGB space;
            3    direct colour in CMY space;
            4    direct colour in CMYK space;
            5    indexed colour.

If the first parameter has the value 0 or 1, there are no additional
parameter elements.

If the first parameter element has the value 5, then there is a second
parameter element specifying the index into the colour table given by
the attribute “content colour table” applying to the object with
which the content is associated.

If the first parameter element has the value 2, 3, or 4, the second
parameter element specifies a colour space identifier referring to a
colour space definition in the document profile.

If the first parameter element has the value 2, the parameter elements
3, 4, and 5, are three integers for red, green, and blue colour
components. Parameter 6 has no meaning.

If the first parameter has the value 3, the parameter elements 3,
4, and 5 and three integers for cyan, magenta, and yellow colour
components. Parameter 6 has no meaning.

If the first parameter has the value 4, the parameter elements 3, 4,
5, and 6, are four integers for cyan, magenta, yellow, and black colour
components.

If the first parameter element has the value 2, 3, or 4, the parameter
element 7 may be used to specify a tolerance value (an integer) and the
parameter element 8 may be used to specify a colour space associated
with the tolerance (0 for CIELUV, 1 for CIELAB).

            NOTE 3 – The “colour space id” component will refer
            to the applicable colour space description in the document
            profile which may contain colour scaling data that describe
            the scale and offset to be applied to the specified colour
            components in the character content. Appropriate use of
            scaling and offsets may be required to map all colour values
            required into the integer encoding space provided. This may
            be particularly important if concatenated content requires the
            insertion of such SGR sequences by the content layout process.


ITU-T Rec.  T.416 (1993 E)  Page:41
